Provide config option to choose grpc or http exporters (#213)
elastic/apm-agent-android: docs/configuration.asciidoc

}
----

[float]
[[server-export-protocol]]
==== APM Server export protocol

> The signals will be exported using the gRPC protocol by default, you could change it to HTTP using the ExportProtocol configuration as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signals are exported using the gRPC protocol by default. You can change the export protocol to HTTP by using the ExportProtocol configuration as shown below:
```

[source,java]
----
class MyApp extends android.app.Application {

    @Override
    public void onCreate() {
        super.onCreate();
        ElasticApmConfiguration configuration = ElasticApmConfiguration.builder()
                .setExportProtocol(ExportProtocol.HTTP) <1>
                .build();
        ElasticApmAgent.initialize(this, configuration);
    }
}

> ----
> 
> <1> Note that this configuration may not work if a <<custom-signal-configuration, custom signal configuration>> is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
<1> Note that this configuration may not work if a <<custom-signal-configuration, custom signal configuration>> is set.
```

> NOTE: OTLP over HTTP support was added to the APM server on its version https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/guide/current/release-notes-8.3.html#_added_8[8.3.0], whereas OTLP over gRPC is supported since version https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/server/current/release-notes-7.12.html#_added_5[7.12.0].

Reviewer: These are really old versions, so I don't think we need to link to the release notes here. I'd remove the links and just add the supported version.

```suggestion
NOTE: OTLP over HTTP is supported in APM server versions 8.3.0+. OTLP over gRPC is supported in APM Server versions 7.12.0+.
```

|===

[float]
=== Advanced configurable options

[float]
[[custom-signal-configuration]]
==== Custom SignalConfiguration

> A SignalConfiguration object contains OpenTelemetry's processors for all the signals (spans, metrics and logs).
> The agent takes care of creating a default SignalConfiguration implementation based on the <<app-server-connectivity, Connectivity parameters>> passed during the agent's initialization, as well as the <<server-export-protocol, export protocol>> chosen for sending data to the APM server.
> However, if you need more control over OpenTelemetry's processors and exporters, you can override the default SignalConfiguration object and provide your own with custom processors and/or exporters as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A SignalConfiguration object contains OpenTelemetry's processors for all signals: spans, metrics, and logs).
The agent takes care of creating a default SignalConfiguration implementation based on the <<app-server-connectivity, Connectivity parameters>> passed during the agent's initialization, as well as the <<server-export-protocol, export protocol>> chosen for sending data to the APM Server.
However, if you need more control over OpenTelemetry's processors and exporters, you can override the default SignalConfiguration object and provide your own with custom processors and/or exporters, as shown below:
```

[source,java]
----
class MyApp extends android.app.Application {

    @Override
    public void onCreate() {
        super.onCreate();
        SpanExporter mySpanExporter;
        LogRecordExporter myLogRecordExporter;
        MetricExporter myMetricExporter;

        // You could also pass processors instead of exporters.
        SignalConfiguration mySignalConfiguration = SignalConfiguration.custom(mySpanExporter, myLogRecordExporter, myMetricExporter); <1>

        ElasticApmConfiguration.builder()
                .setSignalConfiguration(mySignalConfiguration)
                .build();
        ElasticApmAgent.initialize(this, configuration);
    }
}

> ----
> 
> <1> You can either create your own implementation for the SignalConfiguration interface, or you could use the `SignalConfiguration.custom` function and pass your implementations for OpenTelemetry's processors and/or exporters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
<1> You can either create your own implementation for the SignalConfiguration interface, or you can use the `SignalConfiguration.custom` function and pass your implementations for OpenTelemetry's processors and/or exporters.
```
